UNIT FILE                                     STATE   
auditd.service                                enabled 
autovt@.service                               enabled 
blk-availability.service                      disabled
brandbot.service                              static  
chrony-dnssrv@.service                        static  
chrony-wait.service                           disabled
chronyd.service                               enabled 
console-getty.service                         disabled
console-shell.service                         disabled
container-getty@.service                      static  
cpupower.service                              disabled
crond.service                                 enabled 
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service     enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.import1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service          static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service           static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service    enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service        static  
dbus.service                                  static  
debug-shell.service                           disabled
dm-event.service                              static  
dracut-cmdline.service                        static  
dracut-initqueue.service                      static  
dracut-mount.service                          static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                      static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                      static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                    static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                       static  
dracut-shutdown.service                       static  
ebtables.service                              disabled
emergency.service                             static  
firewalld.service                             enabled 
fstrim.service                                static  
getty@.service                                enabled 
halt-local.service                            static  
initrd-cleanup.service                        static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                      static  
initrd-switch-root.service                    static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service             static  
iprdump.service                               disabled
iprinit.service                               disabled
iprupdate.service                             disabled
irqbalance.service                            enabled 
kdump.service                                 enabled 
kmod-static-nodes.service                     static  
lvm2-lvmetad.service                          static  
lvm2-lvmpolld.service                         static  
lvm2-monitor.service                          enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                          static  
messagebus.service                            static  
microcode.service                             enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service             enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service            enabled 
NetworkManager.service                        enabled 
plymouth-halt.service                         disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                        disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                     disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                    disabled
plymouth-quit.service                         disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                   disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                       disabled
plymouth-start.service                        disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service                  static  
polkit.service                                static  
postfix.service                               enabled 
quotaon.service                               static  
rc-local.service                              static  
rdisc.service                                 disabled
rescue.service                                static  
rhel-autorelabel-mark.service                 enabled 
rhel-autorelabel.service                      enabled 
rhel-configure.service                        enabled 
rhel-dmesg.service                            enabled 
rhel-domainname.service                       enabled 
rhel-import-state.service                     enabled 
rhel-loadmodules.service                      enabled 
rhel-readonly.service                         enabled 
rsyslog.service                               enabled 
selinux-policy-migrate-local-changes@.service static  
serial-getty@.service                         disabled
sshd-keygen.service                           static  
sshd.service                                  enabled 
sshd@.service                                 static  
systemd-ask-password-console.service          static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service         static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service             static  
systemd-backlight@.service                    static  
systemd-binfmt.service                        static  
systemd-bootchart.service                     disabled
systemd-firstboot.service                     static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                     static  
systemd-fsck@.service                         static  
systemd-halt.service                          static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service             static  
systemd-hibernate.service                     static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                     static  
systemd-hwdb-update.service                   static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                  static  
systemd-importd.service                       static  
systemd-initctl.service                       static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service        static  
systemd-journal-flush.service                 static  
systemd-journald.service                      static  
systemd-kexec.service                         static  
systemd-localed.service                       static  
systemd-logind.service                        static  
systemd-machine-id-commit.service             static  
systemd-machined.service                      static  
systemd-modules-load.service                  static  
systemd-nspawn@.service                       disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                      static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                    static  
systemd-random-seed.service                   static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service             enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service                indirect
systemd-readahead-drop.service                enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service              enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                        static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                    static  
systemd-rfkill@.service                       static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                     static  
systemd-suspend.service                       static  
systemd-sysctl.service                        static  
systemd-timedated.service                     static  
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service                static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service            static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service                static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                   static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                  static  
systemd-udevd.service                         static  
systemd-update-done.service                   static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service          static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                   static  
systemd-user-sessions.service                 static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service                static  
teamd@.service                                static  
tuned.service                                 enabled 
wpa_supplicant.service                        disabled

140 unit files listed.
