UNIT FILE                                   STATE   
abrt-ccpp.service                           enabled 
abrt-oops.service                           enabled 
abrt-pstoreoops.service                     disabled
abrt-vmcore.service                         enabled 
abrt-xorg.service                           enabled 
abrtd.service                               enabled 
alsa-restore.service                        static  
alsa-state.service                          static  
alsa-store.service                          static  
anaconda-direct.service                     static  
anaconda-noshell.service                    static  
anaconda-shell@.service                     static  
anaconda-sshd.service                       static  
anaconda-tmux@.service                      static  
anaconda.service                            static  
arp-ethers.service                          disabled
atd.service                                 enabled 
auditd.service                              enabled 
auth-rpcgss-module.service                  static  
autovt@.service                             disabled
avahi-daemon.service                        enabled 
blk-availability.service                    disabled
bluetooth.service                           enabled 
canberra-system-bootup.service              disabled
canberra-system-shutdown-reboot.service     disabled
canberra-system-shutdown.service            disabled
chrony-wait.service                         disabled
chronyd.service                             enabled 
colord.service                              static  
configure-printer@.service                  static  
console-getty.service                       disabled
console-kit-daemon.service                  disabled
console-kit-log-system-restart.service      static  
console-kit-log-system-start.service        static  
console-kit-log-system-stop.service         static  
console-shell.service                       disabled
container-getty@.service                    static  
crond.service                               enabled 
cups-browsed.service                        disabled
cups.service                                enabled 
dbus-org.bluez.service                      enabled 
dbus-org.fedoraproject.FirewallD1.service   enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.Avahi.service          enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.hostname1.service      static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.locale1.service        static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.login1.service         static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.machine1.service       static  
dbus-org.freedesktop.ModemManager1.service  enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.NetworkManager.service enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.nm-dispatcher.service  enabled 
dbus-org.freedesktop.resolve1.service       disabled
dbus-org.freedesktop.timedate1.service      static  
dbus.service                                static  
debug-shell.service                         disabled
display-manager.service                     enabled 
dm-event.service                            disabled
dmraid-activation.service                   enabled 
dnf-makecache.service                       static  
dnsmasq.service                             disabled
dracut-cmdline.service                      static  
dracut-initqueue.service                    static  
dracut-mount.service                        static  
dracut-pre-mount.service                    static  
dracut-pre-pivot.service                    static  
dracut-pre-trigger.service                  static  
dracut-pre-udev.service                     static  
dracut-shutdown.service                     static  
ebtables.service                            disabled
emergency.service                           static  
fcoe.service                                disabled
fedora-autorelabel-mark.service             static  
fedora-autorelabel.service                  static  
fedora-domainname.service                   disabled
fedora-import-state.service                 static  
fedora-loadmodules.service                  static  
fedora-readonly.service                     static  
firewalld.service                           enabled 
fstrim.service                              static  
geoclue.service                             static  
getty@.service                              enabled 
gssproxy.service                            disabled
halt-local.service                          static  
initial-setup-graphical.service             disabled
initial-setup-text.service                  disabled
initrd-cleanup.service                      static  
initrd-parse-etc.service                    static  
initrd-switch-root.service                  static  
initrd-udevadm-cleanup-db.service           static  
instperf.service                            static  
irda.service                                disabled
irqbalance.service                          enabled 
iscsi.service                               enabled 
iscsid.service                              disabled
iscsiuio.service                            disabled
kdump.service                               disabled
kmod-static-nodes.service                   static  
ldconfig.service                            static  
lldpad.service                              disabled
lvm2-lvmetad.service                        disabled
lvm2-monitor.service                        enabled 
lvm2-pvscan@.service                        static  
lxdm.service                                enabled 
mandb.service                               static  
mcelog.service                              enabled 
mdadm-grow-continue@.service                static  
mdadm-last-resort@.service                  static  
mdmon@.service                              static  
mdmonitor.service                           enabled 
messagebus.service                          static  
ModemManager.service                        enabled 
multipathd.service                          enabled 
NetworkManager-dispatcher.service           enabled 
NetworkManager-wait-online.service          disabled
NetworkManager.service                      enabled 
nfs-blkmap.service                          static  
nfs-config.service                          static  
nfs-idmap.service                           static  
nfs-idmapd.service                          static  
nfs-lock.service                            static  
nfs-mountd.service                          static  
nfs-secure-server.service                   static  
nfs-secure.service                          static  
nfs-server.service                          disabled
nfs-utils.service                           static  
nfs.service                                 disabled
plymouth-halt.service                       disabled
plymouth-kexec.service                      disabled
plymouth-poweroff.service                   disabled
plymouth-quit-wait.service                  disabled
plymouth-quit.service                       disabled
plymouth-read-write.service                 disabled
plymouth-reboot.service                     disabled
plymouth-start.service                      disabled
plymouth-switch-root.service                static  
polkit.service                              static  
pppoe-server.service                        disabled
psacct.service                              disabled
qemu-guest-agent.service                    static  
quotaon.service                             static  
rc-local.service                            static  
rdisc.service                               disabled
realmd.service                              static  
rescue.service                              static  
rngd.service                                enabled 
rpc-gssd.service                            static  
rpc-statd-notify.service                    static  
rpc-statd.service                           static  
rpc-svcgssd.service                         static  
rpcbind.service                             static  
rsyncd.service                              disabled
rsyncd@.service                             static  
rsyslog.service                             enabled 
rtkit-daemon.service                        enabled 
serial-getty@.service                       disabled
smartd.service                              enabled 
spice-vdagentd.service                      enabled 
sshd-keygen.service                         static  
sshd.service                                enabled 
sshd@.service                               static  
sssd.service                                disabled
stunnel.service                             disabled
syslog.service                              enabled 
systemd-ask-password-console.service        static  
systemd-ask-password-plymouth.service       static  
systemd-ask-password-wall.service           static  
systemd-backlight@.service                  static  
systemd-binfmt.service                      static  
systemd-firstboot.service                   static  
systemd-fsck-root.service                   static  
systemd-fsck@.service                       static  
systemd-halt.service                        static  
systemd-hibernate-resume@.service           static  
systemd-hibernate.service                   static  
systemd-hostnamed.service                   static  
systemd-hybrid-sleep.service                static  
systemd-initctl.service                     static  
systemd-journal-catalog-update.service      static  
systemd-journal-flush.service               static  
systemd-journal-remote.service              static  
systemd-journal-upload.service              disabled
systemd-journald.service                    static  
systemd-kexec.service                       static  
systemd-localed.service                     static  
systemd-logind.service                      static  
systemd-machined.service                    static  
systemd-modules-load.service                static  
systemd-networkd-wait-online.service        disabled
systemd-networkd.service                    disabled
systemd-nspawn@.service                     disabled
systemd-poweroff.service                    static  
systemd-quotacheck.service                  static  
systemd-random-seed.service                 static  
systemd-readahead-collect.service           enabled 
systemd-readahead-done.service              static  
systemd-readahead-drop.service              enabled 
systemd-readahead-replay.service            enabled 
systemd-reboot.service                      static  
systemd-remount-fs.service                  static  
systemd-resolved.service                    disabled
systemd-rfkill@.service                     static  
systemd-shutdownd.service                   static  
systemd-suspend.service                     static  
systemd-sysctl.service                      static  
systemd-sysusers.service                    static  
systemd-timedated.service                   static  
systemd-timesyncd.service                   disabled
systemd-tmpfiles-clean.service              static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup-dev.service          static  
systemd-tmpfiles-setup.service              static  
systemd-udev-hwdb-update.service            static  
systemd-udev-settle.service                 static  
systemd-udev-trigger.service                static  
systemd-udevd.service                       static  
systemd-update-done.service                 static  
systemd-update-utmp-runlevel.service        static  
systemd-update-utmp.service                 static  
systemd-user-sessions.service               static  
systemd-vconsole-setup.service              static  
tcsd.service                                disabled
teamd@.service                              static  
udisks2.service                             static  
upower.service                              disabled
user@.service                               static  
vmtoolsd.service                            enabled 
wacom-inputattach@.service                  static  
wpa_supplicant.service                      disabled
yum-makecache.service                       static  
zram.service                                static  

228 unit files listed.
